
Initial TSC Meeting - Friday 18 Jan 2019

  

## Present

-   George Adams (IBM)
    
-   Martijn Verburg (LJC)
    
-   Ed Vielmetti (Packet / Works on ARM)
    
-   Stewart Addison (IBM)
    
-   Shelley Lambert (IBM)
    
-  John Oliver (LJC)

-   Severin Gehwolf (Red Hat)
    
-   Tim Ellison (IBM)
    

  

## Agenda

  

### AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-build

  

* Add Amazon Corretto Build to the pipeline [#785]([https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-build/issues/785](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-build/issues/785))

-   Nobody objects.
    
-   Martijn checking with Amazon legal.
    
-   John has does some initial builds at Adopt.
    

  

* Add Linux 32bit x86 release [#774]([https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-build/issues/774](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-build/issues/774))

-   George to check on 32-bit support for JDK11.
    
-   Volunteers welcome to help support this.
    
-   Needs 32-bit resources unless you can build on 64 bit.
    

  

### AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-website

  

* Logo Change? [#378]([https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-website/issues/378](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-website/issues/378))

-   Ed suggested that we should have a unique logo.
    
-   Martijn knows some branding people so will talk to them.
    
-   Trademarking AdoptOpenJDK could be trademarked.
    

  

### AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-infrastructure

  

* Get a more powerful ARM 32 box (Ed) [#630]([https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-infrastructure/issues/630](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-infrastructure/issues/630))

-   Ed says that a few providers now support ARM32. (Ampere/Huawei/…)
    
-   Packet has some new gear that has 32-bit support.
    

* Gaps in machine availability vs ability to run more tests?

-   SXA raised an issue.
    
-   Shelley will provide an audit.
    

  

### AdoptOpenJDK/TSC

  

* Build and test IcedTea-Web browser plug-in code [#41]([https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/TSC/issues/41](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/TSC/issues/41))

-   Many consumers of Adopt builds on windows have webstart dependency.
    
-   Iced tea project filled the gaps.
    
-   Mercurial server (unknown location) stores the code.
    
-   Backed by bugzilla.
    
-   Tim not comfortable replying on Mercurial repo.
    
-   We should ask if iced tea would move to github repo.
    
-   Severin says that very few people work on the project right now.
    
-   TSC happy to mirror.
    
-   Shelley suggested polling the community.
    

  

* Add Amazon Corretto as an OpenJDK distribution in the AdoptOpenJDK 'marketplace' [#39]([https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/TSC/issues/39](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/TSC/issues/39))

* Implement a 2-reviewer PR review system for PRs in critical repositories [#37]([https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/TSC/issues/37](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/TSC/issues/37))

-   To be kept on the agenda for next meeting.
    

* Create a mailing list for announcements [#32]([https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/TSC/issues/32](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/TSC/issues/32))

-   George to cost out google business pricing.
    
-   Many people might not have access to google docs because of corporate firewalls.
    

  

* Add JavaFX to the build farm and distribute results via adoptopenjdk website [#27]([https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/TSC/issues/27](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/TSC/issues/27))

-   Report back to Johan.
    
-   TSC approved.
    

  

### Other

* Additional Intel server hosted by Inspira

-   Tim pointed out that there were already many infra issues
    
-   George put together proposal for 3 year cost plan.
    

* Slack premium

-   done.
    

* Stickers

-   Martijn to contact LJC sticker people.
    
-   Ideally by FOSDEM (1st Feb)
    
-   Ed will take stickers to Linaro Connect Bangkok (1st April)
    

* Conference software

-   Happy with what we’ve got.
    

* Travel Fund

-   Tim would rather spend the money on project.
    
-   Perhaps the project isn’t mature enough.
    

* Initial ideas about conference/meetup

-   Perhaps tie in with LJC unconference.
    

  
  

Action for next mtg: Shelley to report on test machine usage and needs
